The
I
have no responsibility for the
The
latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a
worst case scenario.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying we don't even recognize the truth no more in
the society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
The
rules protect yourself at all times.
Keep it clean, touch gloves if you wish.
Let's do it.
Twenty pounds.
This is so crazy.
Like these bumps.
I feel so nervous.
Like what in the world, man?
I've never had a muscle car.
My first car was a Chevy citation.
And then I had a Dodge Shadow.
Then I had a Honda Civic.
And then I moved to the Netherlands where our first car was a Volkswagen Polo.
And then we had a Lancia.
That was the coolest car.
That was a five-cylinder engine.
Look up the Lancia and find out what kind of engine that is.
That's pretty dope.
If you've been following me for a while, you're here at the
top of the wave.
We are staying focused on the biology.
We don't take debate on TV.
And we are loving our neighbors.
We're trying to rescue the skilled TV watchers of America and the world.
The reason why this works is because people support my family and my work.
That's the only reason why this works.
There's no other way this would work because we don't have any other way of making it work.
That might sound irresponsible or even crazy.
But actually, I think that what collectively my wife and I are able to do here with Giga
Home Biological is something that is starting to become indispensable for a lot of people.
And I think it has the potential to be indispensable for a lot more people.
Thanks to the people who have already subscribed and are helping this all go forward.
This is a list of those people.
I apologize if the graphics don't work as well as they should.
It is because we are getting so many names on this list.
Location, it gets glitching.
But we're still not even close to where we need to be if we want this to be sustainable forever.
But thank you very much for all the people who've taken a risk.
I'm not going to let you down.
I've got a few announcements to make in a couple minutes that are just super, super exciting.
Oops, that was a little mishap there.
This is a broadcast that is brought to you by the Independent Bright Web.
There are a number of different members of the Independent Bright Web, at least as far as I consider.
A citation on Illinois gravel roads.
I'm telling you, dude, I jumped some serious railroad tracks with my citation.
We used to turn the lights off at night so you wouldn't see us running railroad tracks.
We were really idiots back then.
Ladies and gentlemen, this illusion is sustained only through your active participation.
My citation was white on top and a dark almost black navy on the bottom.
Quite a looker of a car.
I used to have a blue box in the back because it didn't have a good enough radio for it to play tapes.
If my admission of driving a Chevy citation in high school is not authentic enough of my authentic human existence,
let me come on to the screen here.
Hi, ladies and gentlemen, my name is Jonathan Cooey.
This is Giga Home Biological, a high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you by a human just like you.
It's great to be here.
I'm happy to be on in the afternoon.
I was able to push the button.
Sometimes I don't know why it might seem weird, but it's hard to decide what to do.
It's hard to decide what you want to say.
Oftentimes, I find myself buried under ideas of what needs to be said next.
I have no idea what card to play.
I have no idea what video to play.
Until I get into the strict habit of pushing the stream on every day, I still find myself sort of trying to convince myself of what is the right thing to do next.
I kind of just doing something and thinking more like dishes that need to be washed instead of a record that needs to be chosen.
Once I get into that mindset where there are dishes to wash rather than records to be chosen, I think we'll get back to one of these streaks of streams like the last one where I had 53 in a row a couple months ago.
I hope that it's starting to sink in what we're trying to break through.
I hope that it's starting to sink in that one of the best ways to support this stream is to share it.
I've been getting a lot of feedback about the energy that I am that I'm shedding on the Internet, and so I want to acknowledge those critiques and say that going forward, I'm going to do the best that I can to project the right kind of energy.
There is a certain level of seriousness that has to be conveyed every evening, and sometimes I will freely admit that my emotion gets the better of me because my kids are at stake.
The same mistake that a lot of my viewers have made with their kids, not knowing that even had we been able to have the presence of mind to have delayed some of the early vaccines that were required, we might have even foregone some of the damage that may have been done to our children.
Like many people who get deep enough into this, there's a certain amount of unknown that you can never know.
You're never going to know now if your kid is as smart or as kind or as creative or as wonderful as the kid could have been had you not allowed your doctor to poison them 20 some odd times during their development.
That's the reality that I'm left with, and it's a lot of times tough to struggle through this narrative and try to wake people up in a way that's all roses and rainbows.
But I am going to try because I do think that the truth that we're spreading is a beautiful one.
The truth that we're spreading is that we've made a huge mistake because everything was pretty okay the way it was, and the way that we should have gone about fixing that was to realize that our health and our connection with nature was wholly out of balance because what we were eating
and how we were exercising and how we were taking care of ourselves, how we were working and how we were teaching our children was all out of sync with our nature.
And so we were ripe for this. We were set up for this. We were vulnerable to this.
And so as we try to bring people onto our side realize how far you've come realize how many different of these subjects and discussions you are already months if not years down a path of understanding that otherwise without someone's really strong help.
It would be difficult to get to have gotten here on your own, not without all the books that you've read, all the stories that you've seen, all the movies that you've watched, all the testimonies that you listened to.
And so all of those things are standing behind me and and and and and and propelling me to behave the way that I am and sometimes you see what you will encounter in yourself.
If you try to impart these very crucial, very, very critical ideas onto those other adults around you and find resistance or doubt.
Oftentimes you will get where I am in these streams and maybe you can learn from it. Maybe it's something that you can see in me.
And then when you try to bring this truth to other people, you try to re expose people to the sacredness of life.
That you will be able to do it in a way that's more graceful than me.
And I'm not making an excuse to say that now I'm going to go forward with my same barbaric ways and then you should learn from it but I just want to say as as a sort of caveat that we're all going to have to learn to bring people to this truth in a way that is is founded in love and caring and centered in in the serving of others.
And that's what I did need to be reminded that the reason why I'm doing this how what what I'm sitting here in this chair for is to be a servant. It's not to.
It's not to I don't know become a famous biologist.
And I hope that all of my subscribers are subscribed to my work because you see that in both me and my wife and everything that we do as a family.
And so that that's something that I want to remind everybody or speak to and say hello I see these these messages and it also means that everybody is starting to catch on and starting to see.
And I'm more than happy to hear these emails so thank you very much.
Okay, so with that let me just move over here and then we will start the official show.
We are still being consciously manipulated they are manipulating us there they are hurting us like like the the meme goes they're hurting us like cats.
They're moving us around in funny groups and we don't really understand why we're being pushed in the ways that we're being pushed.
So we try to respond with some logic and some some reason but in the end because we have been trapped in this limited spectrum of debate that was created by them.
We're essentially playing the game of clue with the clues and the people being rigged.
We're essentially trying to figure out a mystery.
We're like an escape room. The problem is is that the whole parameters of the escape room exercise or game have been set by them.
And rather than knowing that we're in escape room we think we're in real life we're think that we've gone through a pandemic when in reality we've gone through a simulation that was provided by this ruling class of people and their, and their
fifth generation warfare is probably the best term to use because that's what they themselves have given it as a name.
And this fifth generation warfare I think is more aptly described as a theater of liars.
A theater of liars who is all well rehearsed in this mechanism, which we are being governed by.
First and best described by of course, oops that shouldn't be on.
Turn that off. First best described by Edward Bernays already in the 20s think about that again when we had none of the media apparatus that we have now behind my head for example, none of the media personalities and the reach that we had now.
And it gives you the illusion that you are choosing your own sources.
It gives you the illusion that you are really, you know, figuring out what what works best for you who you trust.
But again you are selecting from a pre ordained group of people that a combination of weaponized piles of money and algorithms have gained so that they are in front of you were in front of you at the start of the pandemic so that by the time
you were at home locked down looking for answers on the internet.
These people were already in place.
And there are various rivalries and and and and relationships were already forming if not formed already with a history that they could argue about in reference that would appear to give them even more credence as as as thought leaders.
And it's a magnificent illusion that if we can learn to see through we can impart this level of understanding to the college age young adults of our society we can actually maybe save them from it.
That's how optimistic I remain.
And I don't think there's any way to be to take any other attitude is just that I'm so emotional about it I'm so excited about it my son is going to be in high school next year these are exactly the kids we're talking about where they're just about to step out
of the real world and encounter the world of of confused adults.
And imagine if we could empower them to go into that world of confused adults not confused and instead ready to awaken those adults to the manipulation the mechanisms of society that are governing them.
Imagine how powerful that would be.
Not coming I see that coming and one of the things that giga ohm biological is going to do to try and facilitate that is that through my friend Ted, who also through his generosity of donating both talent and treasure set up my soapbox discussion forum
has now almost managed to get peer to running and when peer tube is running for some small monthly fee that will be covered by some number of subscribers.
We will have our own peer to where I can stream live with a live chat.
And it will be ours not twitch no no more no more advertisements no more other channels nothing.
And if we want to add a channel for mark his atomic live and let him live stream there we can do it.
If we want to store mark his atomic.
His atomic live channel output there that we like we can just do that.
If we want to bring in the videos from YouTube from my channel we can do that.
As we grow as an entity will just be bigger and bigger and we'll connect to more people and we'll host more people and we'll do whatever we have to do.
And finally we will be at a stage where we can level up and start to become independent from this.
You know where are we going to go next locals we're going to go to rumble.
And I believe the way out of the cave is off of some of these large platform media things.
And if this can work if this can happen.
If we can essentially leverage the same hardware and the same networks that they do to provide content independently.
And use bot like real live grassroots word of mouth.
Then when we get to 5000 we know we got there for real when we get to 10,000 we know we got there for real and when we get to 100,000 we'll be changing the world.
I'm trying to channel something here but I you know like a Dion Sanders kind of pep talk because I do think we can do it.
I do think that that is really possible but it's something that they all want us to believe is already being done by other people and it's not working or it's already being done by other people and so you just got to go choose one.
No.
It's not happening yet. It's not happening anywhere.
And I think now is the time and I'm really excited about it because it's going to happen and it might even happen as early as this weekend.
So the principle of informed consent has been ignored for the duration of the pandemic because there is no independent media on your television. There's no, there's no independent media on your phone here.
There's no independent, you know, algorithm that's providing, you know, safe YouTube shorts for your kids or or safe shorts for your tick tock on your kids.
Nothing is stopping that.
And there is no good information out there. There never was on purpose.
And even if it was available, there would have been three or four different versions of it that were not true or incorrect.
Or told you information that was more related to the worst case scenario.
The fact that we don't know, we have no idea. We've never seen it. It's brand new. It's novel. We don't know the worst case scenario could be.
This was the discussion that got us all on our heels and got us all to comply.
Even if you only complied for a couple days or in a couple situations, everybody complied.
And anybody that was diving in was almost inevitably sucked into this drama that they knew they were already going to create, which is this illusion of a Scooby Doo, this mystery that needed to be solved.
That was real too.
That wasn't just accidental that Mike Ulster home went on Joe Rogan and said there's no way that this could be a lab virus.
It was not for nothing that that there was a paper that was released from India that said the virus had AIDS inserts and then it was withdrawn.
Very, very conspicuously on on social media. It was withdrawn.
It was out there long enough for everybody in drastic to get ahold of it and talk about it and share it and tweet it and download the PDF.
And so we got fooled into solving this mystery. When we solved this mystery, we accepted that there was a lab leak.
And more importantly, we accepted the whole premise of a gain of function coronavirus that could be made to be more dangerous, made to be more infectious by enriching its infinity to the ACE2.
And that's affinity, affinity, affinity to the ACE2 receptor or, or by adding amino acid sequences that result in an enzymatic cleavage site or result in an homology with the AIDS virus.
All parts of the Scooby-Doo, things that were made up made to make us believe we were gathering clues, which were pointing us to a solution, pointing us to the bad guys that needed to have their masks pulled off essentially because they are masquerading as good guys.
And so, so Peter Dasek is masquerading as a good guy. Tony Fauci is masquerading as a good guy. And Ralph Barrick are masquerading as good guys.
And so once we identify that they're really the problem, we can all pat each other on the back, go have a happy hour and then move on to solving climate change.
And that's why none of the people that are purporting to have saved us from this or rescuing from us or leading us to justice are at all discussing the childhood vaccine schedule and how this is at the heart of the PrEP Act and the National Vaccines Act and how we should really be thinking about these things.
Nobody's having a logical conversation about it.
About how maybe what we should do is take the 1986 Vaccine Act and change it back to what it originally was.
None of the amendments or changes that were made after, but the original writing.
And maybe we should get rid of the PrEP Act. Two very simple things. Nobody says it.
You can say the word, the words PrEP Act in a tweet.
You can say PrEP Act on a slide. But if you don't say we should repeal the PrEP Act or we should strike the PrEP Act as a violation of the Seventh Amendment, then you're not really saying anything.
And so I have seen lately some of these posers using the abbreviation PrEP in some of their tweets and citing the PrEP Act as a problem.
But they're not calling for its repeal. They're not saying what specifically we could do to get rid of it, which is identify it as the Seventh Amendment violation that it is and have it stricken.
One federal court case could strike that whole act. You see, they don't want you to know that.
And so intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the attempt of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
And they don't want you to talk about that. More importantly, they don't want you to be specific about transfection because if you're specific about transfection, you're using a word that every academic biologist and every academic MD
who works at medical school in North America should already have known what it means, which is using mRNA to express proteins in a cell or in a cell culture or in an animal.
And transfection is what these mRNA investigational vaccines are.
And if we had called them transfections from the beginning, there wouldn't have been any debate to be had. There wouldn't have been a limited spectrum of debate about what they are or what they aren't because they would have just been called transfections. Don't you see?
That's the whole limited spectrum of debate magic.
As they take something as easy as transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and they actually obfuscate the definition of what a transfection is by saying these are investigational vaccines.
And people like Paul Offit, like last in the last show, will say that we had no experience with this technology at all, none. No experience, none.
Which again, lets all of these academic biologists and all of these academic doctors that are in all these medical schools around the United States and around the world off the hook for not having done known better that transfection could never work in healthy humans to augment an immune system.
There are actually hundreds of thousands of biologists that I would call out to their face as being more or less culpable in this.
And I don't care if they took it, then that also means they're dumb.
There is no excuse, and I can remember very, very clearly when somebody close to Robert Malone was in person arguing with me about how it wasn't, obviously he didn't know either, he took it himself.
And so he thought that it was going to be okay and my response was no, then he was dumb.
If Robert Malone actually took an mRNA made by Banerna in order to protect himself from the coronavirus under the pretense of having to travel, then he's just dumb.
Especially given his eight or ten patents related to this technology, especially because he let the technology go to Merck because he couldn't get it to work.
Especially because he focused his in less of his career on electroporation when he was messing around with transfection or transformation.
It makes it even more preposterous. The story that we are told, which is that he took two shots of Baderna because he wanted to travel, and because people told him that it might fix his long COVID.
Ladies and gentlemen, he was on the Tommy podcast again, and I thought it was worthwhile just to watch. So, you know, we just, we just watch, have a little, have a little, I'm going to speed it up just a little bit.
Because, you know, all I got to play first thing is, yeah, Eastern time with the one and only Dr. Robert Malone, who is, who is in his, in his people who can't preemptively detect sarcasm is in his CIA best suit, looking right, right, right out of the original
days of the agency. And we can, we're going to talk about a fallout, the short film, I suppose, that you're in about covering up the origins of Wuhan.
And if you're not aware, he has a new, whoa, where am I looking? If you're not aware, he has a new short film out with the Epoch Times. I haven't managed to get a link to watch it. I don't really need to watch it.
This is a more, I think going to be a more interesting conversation about the content of the film because, of course, now here he's going to, he's going to wow Tommy with some extra information.
I'm just going to escape out of here for a second and change the speed a little bit. I know, oops, that's up here.
So you're going to let me do it. Why isn't it letting me do it?
I might have to what?
It's always on the wrong screen.
There we go.
That's probably too much to 145 is probably too much for some people.
I'll put it right here.
Robert's a very smart man.
Okay, here we go. 128. That should be enough.
I'll go full screen and we'll check it.
I'm pretty sure everyone knows who you are, but I want to recap, not recap, but press one of the more interesting takes that you had about why we're seeing the actions that we're seeing now.
It's one that I hadn't thought of. It seems that people might be maneuvering for an expected Trump victory in the fall, which I thought was kind of fascinating.
It seems that thought she's getting ready to be hung and everyone else is kind of maneuvering.
It's that feeling when you've had a substitute teacher for a couple of weeks and you've been giving your hell and then she says the teacher's coming back tomorrow and you and all your friends.
You know your shithead friends realize that you're about to be crucified for everything you've done.
I hadn't thought about it, but it kind of seems like that vibe might be going around, but could you maybe touch on that talk tomorrow?
So, a couple things, Tommy. Full out is thanks for the shout out on that. So, that's a new weekly series that I'm doing.
It's a half an hour. I think it runs at nine or nine thirty on Fridays.
And it's a production of the epoch times involving myself and Yanya Kellick.
And in that series, we're exploring a number of things, health and wellness being one of them, homesteading life on the farm, but as always truth bombs.
And in particular issues relating to our government corruption, the corona crisis, ongoing national politics.
And so what you're referring to is one of I think it's now three or four segments we've shot.
There's a number that are in the canon and I'm not supposed to talk about the future wins.
That's just that terms of my agreement.
But you're talking about a recent one in which I spoke about both Michael Callahan and Bob Cadillac.
And in particular, you're talking about Bob Cadillac's very active discussions with the likes of Sherry Markson of Sky News Australia, which by the way Sky News Australia is a separate company now from Sky News UK.
So Sherry Markson is a investigative reporter working for Sky News Australia, who had done a deep dive into, in particular, the cover up in the Wuhan Lab League story and had directly interviewed Bob Cadillac.
So then the next obvious question is who is Bob Cadillac. Bob is one of the of the living. I mean, there's others like Bill Russell that preceded him that have now passed away.
We're central in the development of the by defense industrial complex. Let's call it, or we used to call it the bio warfare program.
Got kind of transformed after signing of the agreement regarding bio warfare, but a Cadillac is, I mean, he kind of personifies deep state. If you want to put a label on somebody.
I have not, I do not have confirmation that Cadillac is intelligence community, but he has a lot of the hallmarks of intelligence community.
And he was referred to by Callahan who absolutely is currently a retired CIA officer referred to by Callahan as somebody that Callahan felt the need to protect in a very unusual way and Callahan's association during COVID with Cadillac was a very close and personal
and
by Callahan was not clear to me if he was retired CIA at the start of the
cascade of events around the Wuhan Institute of Biology in 2020. But he soon after calling me on January 4th began to report to Bob Cadillac directly
and act as in many ways as his lieutenant or a functional agent of Bob Cadillac in his interest. And Michael was brought into the government in that role in kind of an informal way.
Cadillac was serving under Trump as the assistant secretary for preparedness and response or Asper.
He took over that position from Nikki Lurie who during the Obama administration had been appointed and subsequently Nikki has become one of the primary advisors to SEPI in Europe, which is a bar to like entity set up to support world health, which receives
significant money from the US and from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and from the governor Norway. So that's just some insider baseball having to do with the assistant secretary for preparedness and response, who reports to Secretary of HHS
who reports to the president. So Cadillac was third down for the president, or I could say second down, I guess.
In the org chart, he was at the third tier and responsible for a very large chunk of budget having to do with bio defense programs, including both drugs, diagnostics and vaccines.
So, what happened under Trump in terms of Operation Warp Speed was the product of a joint program proposed and administered primarily by Bob Cadillac and Peter Marx at FDA.
So, Cadillac and Marx were the two principal players in the creation of Operation Warp Speed.
Sorry, I was not responsible for that. Just want to be clear on this, like I was responsible for him for him disappear, but I was done.
And Peter Marx at FDA. So, Cadillac and Marx were the two principal players in the creation of Operation Warp Speed.
Sorry, I was not responsible for that. Just want to be clear on this, like I was responsible for him for him disappear.
But Cadillac was at the center of it. And clearly, I think in retrospect, we can all agree that mistakes were made.
And those mistakes included the concerted effort to basically propagandize around the origin of the virus at the Wuhan Institute of Virology, and whether or not it was an engineered product,
an engineered biologic virus, or whether it was of natural origin.
And Cadillac has now admitted on tape to Sherry Markson as part of a number of things that he's doing in DC right now, testifying, communicating surreptitiously.
I think he's got a book coming out in which, or report, I guess it's a report, he's got another report coming out in which he is acknowledging his role
in developing the propaganda that this was a natural origin virus. It wasn't an engineered pathogen.
And he's admitted to having done so in coordination with Tony Fauci.
So that's the gist of the stuff that we were talking about in that episode of Fallout is that Cadillac is now strangely acknowledging these things.
It's inconceivable to me that Bob Cadillac would be making these kinds of statements, and rather odd that he would be making them to an offshore reporter, investigative reporter.
Why would he choose to communicate to Sherry Markson if he was still in tight with the CIA and Atlantic Council leadership that is controlling much of the messaging in the likes of say New York Times and Washington Post?
He would go to one of those outlets. He is previously published or been deeply reported on by Catherine Eben of Vanity Fair, who together with ProPublica, published a lengthy exposé article focused around Cadillac and a Senate minority report that he was instrumental in engineering
that spoke about the origins of the virus, but at that time of six to nine months ago did not disclose that Cadillac had cooperated with Fauci to suppress the lab league hypothesis.
So when that essay came out, a number of folks criticized it. I think I was the only one that really pointed out that it had all the hallmarks of the limited hangout.
And now I think time has validated that perspective in that he wasn't full open and transparent in what he shared with the Senate in that committee report, nor what he shared with Eben.
And for some reason now he's feeling the need to go on some sort of a DC tour talking to a variety of sources about his point of view on what transpired around Operation Warp Speed and the suppression of information, the propagandizing relating to the lab league hypothesis.
And it's difficult to understand why he would be doing that at this time. He has under Biden administration, he's been locked out of power.
And his fingerprints, as I mentioned, he is one of the two principal authors, architects of Operation Warp Speed.
So right now I can tell you for sure that there's very active vetting through a number of official and unofficial sources of potential candidates for a Trump administration.
So that was, you know, in consulting with some of my sources who are DC insiders, but on our side of the fence, you consider them kind of white hat, investigative people.
Okay, I'm sorry I let that run so long. I wanted to make sure that I gave him the chance to talk. I think this is a good place to break it.
So what I see here is so he started at the top, the weekly series with the epoch times.
I saw already some of this stuff. There are some like farm shots and some some drone shots.
His farm is at the foot of a national park. So I assure you that it's not, he's not.
The idea that somehow or another he used a small hatchback to bring what little he had out to the woods and built all the buildings that are on the property and then started with one horse or two horses and now he's up to 12.
Just by, you know, hard work and and getting up early every day is absolutely absurd.
He owns property that is adjacent to a national park. He has horses that are sought after around the world.
And he has all of this stuff while he can do nine or 10 podcasts a day and puts out as many as 20 pages of sub stack a day, six days a week.
And raises emus.
This is a man who's very well to do. He might as well have a vineyard and be an accomplished painter.
We are, we are talking about people who are pretending people who are behaving as though they are, they threw everything out and gave up everything to to fight for truth and justice.
And these are people who are independently wealthy who are risking nothing and in fact not actually fighting for the freedom of our grandchildren at all.
But fighting as they're talking about in this very video, ironically, fighting for positions in the next administration who everybody's trying to position themselves to get a position in the Trump administration.
Oh my goodness. Imagine if there are Democrats doing the same thing.
So it's already pretty obvious, right? When we're talking about one group of people positioning themselves in anticipation of an administration change, but nobody else does that.
So Michael Callahan is retired CIA called him on January 4th.
Michael Callahan is closely related to Robert Cadwick and was actually protecting him during the pandemic, apparently, or said that he was somebody who needed protecting Sky News Australia is a separate entity.
Now, just he wanted you to know that it's not the same as the entity Sky News in the UK.
I'm not sure why he said that, but that's what he said.
Central to the development of the whole shebang was Robert Cadwick, apparently.
The deep state guy called him. He's definitely deep state. If anybody's deep state, he might be intelligence. He's not sure.
He took over asper during Donald Trump over for a lady named Nikki, who then went to be the set work for the SEPI, which is interesting.
Asper is three steps down from the POTUS. And in case you're unaware, the DoD doesn't do anything unless the POTUS says to.
And so I've actually had an email conversation with Catherine Watt, and I have a whole nice email with a couple links that I'm going to use to put together a presentation in the next couple of days.
But rest assured that after consulting with other sources about what Catherine Ross has said, Watt has said almost everything that Catherine Watts said is pretty, pretty spot on.
The one exception that I think many of my military contacts would say is an exception is that nobody on the Joint Chiefs of Staff or in the military is going to do anything if HHS says you have to do something.
If Asper says you have to do something.
They're going to say we would like to see it from the president.
Is the president giving us this order?
Can you have the president sign off on it?
Is it an executive? But there would be something like that. The chain of command is from POTUS. And so if HHS or the Asper wanted something to happen or some plan to be executed upon the declaration of the emergency would still have to go through POTUS.
But the DoD could have done it all. That is true.
And if the DoD was given the go, not said go and went on their own, but if the DoD was given go, the signal would have come from the administration.
And after it did, yes, the DoD could have done it. So I still have issue with how Shannon Joy and and Sasha went about explaining this situation because what they said was this was a DoD situation.
This wasn't Trump. It wasn't HHS. It wasn't NIH. It wasn't CDC. They were all taking orders.
And that's not what happens. It is possible that the POTUS after being advised by Asper and HHS and whoever else is driving that car said to the DoD, you need to execute the worst case scenario.
We might have the worst case scenario happening. So you need to execute plan X or whatever it is. And so they did that. That's totally possible.
But then the buck doesn't stop with the guys in the camouflage. We have to remember that. And I want to really be sure we remember that.
Maybe it's Donald Trump then. Maybe it's, but we need to think about who it is. We need to figure out who it is and stop talking about it as an amorphous Department of Defense thing.
It's like dominoes. And you're just blaming all the dominoes in the middle. No, somebody tipped off. Somebody ticked it off. Somebody started it.
And so there was a first domino.
And so warp speed. Yes, it was made by Trump. I no doubt about it. But Cadwick and actually Peter Marks, who's man is that guy sketchy like he's made some really bad two minute shorts about taking the vaccine and how the vaccine is great and kids should get it.
Peter Marks is awful. So if Peter Marks paired up with Robert Cadwick to make warp speed and at the same time produce propaganda that supported the natural origin hypothesis with Tony Fauci, these are all believable stories. I believe that.
But remember, part of this whole, we know that's what they did thing is supposed to slowly titrate those people that are really hard on the other side. The ones that are still clinging to the natural idea to start to make them also accept the worst case scenario.
And I think you need to, I need to really emphasize this right now.
There are many people on the skilled TV watching side that believe that the worst case scenario of a gain of function lab leak is a mythology.
They think that's exaggerating.
But they're convinced that mother nature did it. They're convinced that well, they, it's their, it's their wet mark. It's that alone is enough.
And so those people still need a little bit of nudging so that they believe that the gain of function thing is also real.
And next time it could be much worse. And so there's still some convincing to do. The reason why it's not very convincing to you is because they're not trying to convince you of anything.
Some of these messages are actually aimed at the people who are on the far, far natural side. The ones that are on the far, far TV watching side are still tried to be pulled into the Scooby Doo so that they're still learning something.
They realize that they missed something that they accept the worst case scenario. They're still people that need to be pulled. Don't misunderstand this.
So they produce probabopaganda with Fauci to the natural speculates about why he went to a foreign journalist. This was an interesting part of the discussion. Why not vanity fair?
Because vanity fair, he seemed to have left out details of how the lab leak hypothesis was suppressed, even though he was interviewed by vanity fairs.
So he speculates that he went to a foreign journalist somehow maybe to have a more friendly discussion or I'm not really sure what he was implying by that.
I find it very curious because it sets forth again for the skilled TV watcher. It sets another trap that they are surfing around on the internet and they find, wow, wait, this is an American official talking to a Australian person and talking about what?
Wow. Why isn't this on American TV? And now again, you see that the skilled TV watcher is like almost drawn into the Scooby Doo for the first time by a discussion like this.
And so don't underestimate how much of these Tommy shows are not made for us.
They're made to suck more of these very mainstream people into the Scooby Doo so that they too understand that when the next one comes, it could be worse because it could come from a laboratory.
They need to understand that the mythology is not his not natural pandemics. That's one aspect of the mythology, but that's not the worst aspect of it.
And so Biden administration looked locked him out of power. I also found that was a very interesting statement that I would like to verify it.
Who is the asper when Biden comes into office and does it change immediately would be an interesting thing to know he didn't actually fill in that blank yet so that I found also a little curious.
He will in the coming sentences, but I bet he's not going to he's not going to touch on who the asper is in the Biden administration, which is a now another hint to me.
He feels like a guy who's pretending to be a Republican, but he's actually a Democrat and and thanks to Mark.
A lot of the the sort of limited clues that we have on the Internet seem to indicate that they are pretty strong Democrats. They're blue.
And definitely before the pandemic, they were full on the Biden train and I think there's even a post or a Facebook comment or something like that from Jill Glasspool Malone.
I think they were very different than what they appear when they're on stage on, you know, in front of the European Parliament or when they're on stage in Napa Valley or in there on stage in Florida.
They're very different than what they were before the start of the pandemic when, you know, they were hanging out regularly with people like Rick Bright.
How do I do that? I go like this and I go like that and then I go like this.
Our sense is that Bob Cadillac is busy spinning and positioning himself in hopes of another Trump administration.
And I know that the former Secretary of HHS is also being vetted.
So there seems to be at least some move towards recreating some of the leadership at HHS that existed in the prior Trump administration.
So that's that's the basis for the thesis. And there's a lot more going on about the lab league hypothesis, some really remarkably detailed information now.
It's come out consequent to a Freedom of Information Act from a group called Right to Know that has obtained.
So we did a show already about Emily, and that's going to make this very interesting for us to hear from Robert Malone, his take on Emily's discovery that these documents reveal draft documents reveal that enzymes were ordered and things were discussed.
I'm very curious to hear Robert's take.
And additional copies like basically drafts of the diffuse proposal, diffuse being the proposal that this is for funding, a funding proposal submitted to Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, which depending on how you see things is either DoD or CIA.
They are the ones responsible for the SR-71 and the Internet among many other things, and they had put out a solicitation for a program called predict that was intended to capture wild viruses and analyze a variety of wild viruses believed to be at higher risk for
generating a a highly lethal pandemic.
Now what's hilarious about this is that we were discussing the predict program in 2020 and drastic behind the scenes on Twitter and already sharing it in 2020.
And now we're in 2024.
And next year my kids going to be in high school.
And he hasn't had a normal year of school in four years.
And this guy who originally came out basically between Shannon Joy and Allison Morrow and and Brett Weinstein to first claim that he invented this stuff in case anybody's going to give the Nobel Prize don't forget that I invented it.
And also to come out and say that he took Moderna because he thought it might help us long COVID and he came out to tell everybody that, you know, he spent the first year working on the domain program and trying to get together to clinical trials to try combinations of things with
femotone.
I'm frustrated, man, because these guys are posers and they're really they're putting us all in danger. They're pretending to be speaking out against people that are positioning themselves to get in a to get a position in the next administration as if they themselves aren't doing it.
As if they themselves haven't used this last three years to position themselves for everything that is possible to position themselves for given the insider information that they have.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what all the things they're trying to game.
I don't.
And I don't claim to.
I just know that anybody that's spoken in front of the who in 2011 about Phil and Finnish technologies in the packaging of vaccines and then handed off the mic to Rick Bright is somebody that I don't know.
He's somebody that I don't trust to lead us out of this mess.
And I think we have to come to the realization that it is going to be very difficult for us to form a resistance to this.
If we if we start by choosing our leaders from the social media that we need to all leave.
If we choose it from the trendings on the algorithms that we all need to leave behind.
I don't know when and I don't know how.
But as long as we try to keep fighting this by using Twitter effectively, we will not win.
At some moment, as Daniel Dennett has already pointed out, we won't know the difference between being on Twitter and interacting with a bunch of AI representations of the friends that we think we follow and actually following our friends if we don't talk to them.
And it's getting more and more dangerous on Twitter because we don't talk to anybody that we tweet with and who re tweets us who we're arguing with on Twitter.
And if you don't talk to any of those people, then how do you know they're real?
It's 18 words.
It's 100 words.
It's a video link.
And if we aren't there now, please understand that AI, that's something that AI can do with these, these, these language models, especially to vulnerable teenagers.
And so we are in big trouble, ladies and gentlemen, because somehow or another in 2024 at the end of February, this man is still leading a conversation in the background among the dissidents about what is the proper interpretation of what happened
and how do we move forward.
And he's still leading us through this limited spectrum of debate that will get us nowhere.
And characterizing those viruses for their basically for their pandemic potential or their ability to jump, I think was the way it was praised, referring to jumping species.
And so this solicitation by DARPA resulted in a number of proposals from the various groups that go around doing virus hunting.
And a proposal independent proposal from a group called EcoHealth Alliance that you've heard about with Dasek and Barrett.
And also UC Davis and the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
And so that was the diffuse proposal. That's what they called it.
That went into lengthy detail about how one might engineer none of the other just provide context, none of the other proposals to this project.
Proposed gain of function research.
They were all basically virus hunting so deepest, darkest Africa collecting bats and mice and whatever the hell.
And then identifying viruses circulating in those critters, isolating those viruses, bringing them back and looking at in various ways, examining their potential to jump from their natural host and humans.
But EcoHealth Alliance took a very different approach.
And EcoHealth Alliance proposed a very specific set of modifications.
So it's strange. That's a, I don't know what to say. I don't want to say it's, I don't want to say it's baloney.
But what he just said, let me roll it back and let me play it for you again just to see if you hear it. Okay.
How one might engineer none of the other people just provide went into lengthy detail about.
It's this exact part.
How one might engineer none of the other just provide context, none of the other proposals to this project.
Proposed gain of function research.
So I'm sorry.
The diffuse proposal was leaked from a DoD website from a Pentagon website by somebody who happened to be doing an internship at DARPA.
Supposedly, the diffuse proposal was first leaked to Charles Ricksey who then shared it with a bunch of anonymous Twitter members that are almost all international people.
And they've been a report about it.
But at the same time, it was also supposedly leaked directly to Veritas, which at the time was the media organization that employed John O'Keefe.
And I think Robert Malone is going to mention that in a minute, but not mention Charles Ricksey and drastic, even though, and this is a detail you probably didn't know.
Charles Ricksey and Robert Malone met at the CHD conference in Knoxville in 2022.
And Charles told me that he was going to visit.
Robert Malone's farm and discuss the diffuse proposal with him, which I found to be a little bit strange because also Charles Ricksey told me three times during that conference that he found it crazy that Robert Malone remembered him and not me.
Now I share these little tiny details with you because I think it's really important to see that the diffuse proposal is a play.
The diffuse proposal can't possibly be real if there is a real marine that used to work for the State Department that is trying desperately to bring it to light.
That's working together with a guy in Japan that I met in person the same weekend that I met Robert Malone in person that told me that he was going to go to Robert Malone's ranch and talk about the diffuse proposal.
For them to now, Robert Malone still be talking about the diffuse proposal for the US right to know to be talking about the diffuse proposal and everybody giving credit to the leaking of the diffuse proposal to the Veritas leak and not to drastic and Ricksey and these heroes of the international community.
There is a gigantic contradiction the size of the Grand Canyon.
If these people are all supposed to be on the same team, if either Charles Ricksey or Robert Malone isn't lying to me in my face in Knoxville in 2022.
And the funny thing is is Matt Crawford was there too.
He even had dinner with us at a pub outside with Charles Ricksey and Matt Crawford and me and Mark Koolack.
And all of them know that this is true.
All of them know that at that weekend was the first time that Mark and I had ever heard of the Wellness Company and who did we hear it from it.
We heard it from Matt Crawford who said that we should pay attention to it because that was bad guys giving money to McCullough.
I found all about the all about the the Wellness Company on that weekend from a man by the name of Matthew Crawford from Texas.
And I think that he's done a couple shows with with Liam is his former partner on this rounding the earth thing.
And I think he's even done a show with someone by the name of Kristen who has who has a sub stack.
And she did that that was already a long time ago.
And so this story's been around for a while these things have been around for a while these people have been mixing about the diffuse proposal for a while.
But for me there are just certain facts that don't make sense and the one main one is how can there be a Charles Ricksey and a drastic and a drastic release of the diffuse proposal that everybody ignores.
And then a release of the diffuse proposal to Veritas that everybody promotes.
And now here's the kicker what did he just say.
What did he just say.
And also you see Davis and by the lethal pandemic.
And characterizing those viruses for their basically for their pandemic.
And they had put out a solicitation.
For a program called predict.
That was intended to.
Capture a wild viruses.
And analyze a variety of wild viruses believed to be at higher risk for.
Generating a.
A highly lethal pandemic.
And characterizing those viruses for their basically for their pandemic potential.
Or their ability to jump.
I think was the way it was praised referring to jumping species.
And so this solicitation by DARPA.
A resulted in a number of proposals from the various groups that go around doing virus hunting.
And a proposal independent proposal from a group called eco health alliance.
That you've heard about with Dasek and Barrett.
And also you see Davis and the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
And so that was the diffuse proposal.
That's what they called it.
That went into lengthy detail about.
How one might engineer none of the other just provide context.
None of the other proposals to this project.
Proposed.
Gator function research.
They were all basically virus hunting.
So deepest darkest Africa.
So how again I want to clarify this very clearly.
I want to get it really as crystal as we can get it.
The diffuse proposal was leaked to Charles Rixi who then.
Took a couple months sharing it with international people before they decided to release a PDF report about it and roughly around the same time.
Veritas produced a video and released something about the diffuse proposal.
Neither of the neither the drastic people acknowledged the veritas and veritas definitely doesn't acknowledge the drastic report.
Robert Malone is promoting is going to promote the the veritas leak in a few seconds.
But what Robert Malone said here that is most crucial to hear.
Is that he says that the diffuse proposal was the only proposal to the predict program that did gain a function.
But the diffuse proposal didn't get funded.
And the only reason why we know it's a proposal is because this unfunded proposal was left on a.
On a server and was found by someone who was tipped off to it.
And then leaked it to a.
I guess retired or are no longer working marine or a.
And then that marine turned it over to some international people who eventually turned it back over to us.
The diffuse proposal is a one off if it's real or if it's fake it's a one off.
Robert Malone doesn't have access to the entire.
Portfolio of grants that were submitted to the predict program.
How does he know that it was the only gain a function proposal.
Does he even have access to the funded ones are the funded ones detailed enough on the Internet for his level of access for him to have evaluated whether those were gain a function or not.
It's a pretty bold statement to make about a DARPA program that you didn't yourself.
Sit on the committee for something right.
How the hell would you know I thought you're just an emu farmer and a horse breeder.
I thought you spent your time getting in costume like a.
Like a conquistador.
I mean I didn't think you had time to search the databases of DARPA to decide what percentage of the predict program grant proposals that were submitted qualified as gain a function.
It's an extraordinary statement to just throw in there while you're talking to Tommy.
Well 10 minutes earlier you threw in the what did he say.
Malone wasn't responsible for him for remdesivir either.
What a strange thing to just throw in there 10 minutes ago.
Just like it's a strange thing to throw in there that this was the only proposal in the whole predict program that did gain a function.
How the hell could you know that collecting bats and mice and whatever the help and then.
Identifying viruses circulating in those critters isolating those viruses bringing them back and looking at in various ways examining their potential to jump from their natural host and humans.
But eco health alliance took a very different approach and eco health alliance proposed a very specific set of modifications on a SARS like virus.
That was available at the Wuhan Institute of Virology which has the greatest collection in the world of SARS like viruses.
And specifically promotes proposed engineering.
A fear and cleavage site into the S1 S2 boundary. This is a genetic identification of different segments of the RNA genome.
So the code for different proteins and this is kind of a non protein coding sequence or it's a you know it's it's unclear what its function is at the S1 S2 boundary.
And this group in their diffuse proposal suggested that they would engineer in a fear and cleavage site into this S1 S2 domain of junction.
In this Sarbico virus which is this cat subcategory of coronaviruses.
And had very detailed directions for how they would do that down to the level of the the late term as molecular scissors.
I would call the restriction in a nuclei.
Let's see here. Let's see here. Let's see here. Let's see what we can find.
Let's see what we can find here.
Give me a second ladies and gentlemen, please give me one little second here. Let me just get to the get to the bid match here.
Come on kid.
Holy man, there's a lot of authors. Here we go.
This is eight twenty five. Do I have the wrong book darn it. I thought it was the second volume.
Okay, let's see eight twenty five and then I'll find the page we're going to read.
Now there's a couple things about this book that are really funny that I thought I was going to fix by buying the book but I didn't actually fix it but I'll show you those in a minute.
So here we have the.
Here we have the the coronavirus Bible.
This is Fields virology and the coronavirus chapter is actually written by.
Here we go.
It's written by Stanley Perlman, which is pretty cool. Stanley Perlman is.
Is kind of the dude that I was citing very early on in the pandemic because he had a few papers in the early two thousands where he showed that.
In a mouse anyway, the response to a coronavirus and surviving it really actually depended on the T cells and T cells to the proteins of the open reading frame one a.
Which is a really curious finding because you know they made us believe that the spike protein was paramount.
So I would just want to go through this chapter.
And find this one paragraph which I enjoyed a lot.
Here you go.
Check this paragraph out right here.
So this is on page eight twenty eight.
And I'm just going to read this little thing right here in many beta and gamma coronaviruses.
Mouse hepatitis virus bovine coronavirus and infectious bronchitis virus.
The S protein is partially or completely cleaved by a fear and like host cell protease into two polypeptides denoted S1 and S2 which are roughly equal in size.
So it's strange because it's almost like they they want us to believe that this is some kind of whoa a fear and cleavage site.
That's crazy.
Fear and cleavage site isn't crazy.
And they know exactly what it does. They know what it does.
It's part of the fusion mechanism. It's not it's not some kind of oh my goodness.
They were putting fear and cleavage sites in those proteins in that proposal because that's the whole story.
The whole story is that this fear and cleavage site needs to be.
It needs to be accepted as.
It needs to be accepted as a real piece of evidence.
But it's not a real piece of evidence.
Why don't I think it's a real piece of evidence? I'm going to tell you why right now. The first reason why.
And I can hear him if he ever sees this. He's going to hate it. But you know, this is the way it is because I'm fighting for my grandchildren.
Dan Saratkin.
Why do I say Dan Saratkin? Dan Saratkin is Harvard to the big house.
And he wrote the blog that inspired me to write my to ride my first three bike rides about the pandemic being a lab leak.
The interesting thing about this is is that his father works at Los Alamos.
And that's a department of energy laboratory.
The human genome project was also under the department of energy.
Los Alamos laboratories, his dad actually worked on sequencing algorithms.
And maybe even helped with the algorithms that underlie the blasting routine.
So Dan Saratkin connected to the department of energy connected to Los Alamos connected to the human genome project through genome sequencing.
He writes a blog at the beginning of the pandemic saying that there's a fear and cleavage site in this.
And that means that it's probably engineered.
Interestingly, one of the people that he cites as a blogger and cites as evidence that there is a fear and cleavage site present is none other than James.
Lions.
Wiler.
Of IPAC.
Now that's pretty interesting because James Lions Wiler.
Oh, damn it.
I got to get a bookshelf.
I know I need a bookshelf.
I got one, but I don't have any room for it in here.
I got to decide what needs to go.
Why didn't I switch the camera?
I apologize for that.
So James Lions Wiler wrote this book, the environmental and genetic causes of autism.
And you know very well what I think of genetic causes of autism.
I think that that's the, the NIH and the CDC's easy way out of vaccine injury.
If you group all of the genetic disorders that resemble a social behavior or cognitive disabilities that can be argued to that resemble the autism after Alzheimer's.
If you have the autism after vaccine injury, then you can obfuscate vaccine injury by calling it autism and calling autism a this big word that describes lots of things.
When vaccine injured families are fighting for a very specific set of symptoms and a very specific injury.
Much like Andrew Wakefield that documented in his paper that needed to be discredited.
So I don't really enjoy this as much as I might have enjoyed it because it perpetuates that idea.
It perpetuates that idea.
It perpetuates that idea and.
It's Skyhorse publishing.
Okay.
So how many of these books are there?
And I'm being serious.
How many of these books are there?
This isn't children's health defense.
This is Skyhorse publishing, publishing something that I might argue the NIH would have no problem.
The CDC would have no problem with.
Now, if you think that's funny, then think that Skyhorse has also published Andrew Hough's book and has also published Robert Malone's book.
Publish that book.
I mean, if this one is from them, I'm going to freak out, but I don't think it is.
No, it's different.
But the point I'm trying to make is a very, very, very simple one, ladies and gentlemen, a very simple one. Okay, look.
There's no, there's no way. There's no way that James Lyons Weiler living in Pittsburgh.
As some kind of pathology guy at the University of Pittsburgh.
Becomes aware before anybody else except for Yuri Dagan.
An entrepreneur into longevity in Canada, who's actually a Russian.
So Yuri Dagan and James Lyons Weiler are the two guys that figure out that the fear and cleavage site might be indicative of a lab leak.
And then Dan Siratkin, the son of a guy who works at Los Alamos on genetic sequencing algorithms, the Department of Energy.
The same department that did the Human Genome Project writes an article about it and it gets published in zero hedge.
And it encourages some clown on his bike to talk about lab leak for a year and a half.
And this guy Dan Siratkin stopped talking to me the moment that I focused on transfection and said that it ain't the virus, dude.
It's the transfection. He said I was an idiot that the virus was flying AIDS.
And he never wanted to talk to me again.
I see worst case scenario laid down in front of us on social media.
And whoever bit was taken in was encouraged and as long as they kept doing what seemed to be useful.
They got more attention. They got more encouraged.
Who knows? Maybe that's the reason why the University of Pittsburgh sent me home and said, do not come back in, but didn't do anything else.
Maybe that's why they didn't just fire me, but they paid out my salary for the next eight months, hoping that I would continue this nonsense of the lab leak.
It's possible. Why not?
I will admit that at that point I could have easily been being played.
I was being played by a number of people because they turned out to be creeps.
It took me a long time to figure out that Kevin McCarron wasn't just a politically incorrect guy trying to fight for his kids, but he was a little more complicated than that.
It took me a long time to decide whether Richard Fleming, MD, PhD, JD, was a legitimate dude who's been discredited.
For having solved some problem with the heart or whether he was actually a grifter.
And some people came to Pittsburgh to try and make sure that I couldn't see through them.
Some people wouldn't talk to me until after they moved away from Pittsburgh.
That guy. He lived in Pittsburgh in 2022. I tried to talk to him, but he wouldn't talk to me.
The first time I heard from him, he's like, well, I can't really talk to you. I'm moving to Ann Arbor.
When the CHD bus came to Pittsburgh, he also came to the CHD bus, but didn't talk to me.
And while he was at the CHD bus, he gave a spontaneous talk on the microphone and he told everybody there that he was the first person in America to identify the fear and cleavage site as evidence of a lab leak.
Why would I make that up? That happened in 2023. The guy, that guy right there.
That guy also was on stage at the last CHD conference. And while he was on stage, he flashed his own phone number for raising money for IPAC on the stage three times while he was at that conference and never once raised any money or said thank you to CHD.
And a lot of the people who were on stage at the CHD conference did not raise money for CHD. They raised money for themselves for their own organizations, their own nonprofits.
I was livid.
And so we are being played, ladies and gentlemen, at every level.
In every group, there are medlers. There are people who are posing as fighters. But when you see them, once you really see them, it's so easy.
It's just so easy to see them.
So that's a new one. I'm sorry. It had to happen.
I do really think it's important to understand that Dan Saratkin could not have written his blog in 2020 without some help. James Lyons Weiler, Yuri Dagan, I'll write his name down so you can look him up. He's a member of drastic.
He was on.
He was on Brett Weinstein's podcast in 2020.
I think maybe it's.
No, I think it is. It's E.I.
And I don't know. You can find it. Yuri Dagan. He's he's one of the guys that wrote one of the first papers with he wrote a paper with Rosanna Segretto.
And it's a paper actually I reviewed while I was still working at the University of Pittsburgh.
And so Yuri Dagan was on Brett Weinstein's podcast talking about the fear and cleavage site James Lyons Weiler, a guy who wrote a book with Skyhorse publishing about the environmental and genetic causes of autism.
Before the pandemic was actually one of the first guys to identify the fear and cleavage said is that would you have known.
Would you have remembered reading page eight hundred and eighty and twenty eight of fields virology and would have known that the S one pro to the S protein is cleaved into S one and S two by a fear and protease would you have known that and would you have known that.
That viruses could increase their infectivity if you added one of those sites where there wasn't one would you have known that.
How did a guy who is a pathologist working at the University of Pittsburgh somehow part time or whatever.
How would he have known.
When his focus was the environmental and genetic causes of autism. How would he have known.
Just super smart guy.
Is that why he never talks to me at any event that I've ever seen him at.
He didn't talk to me at the bus he didn't talk to me in Boston he didn't talk to me in Georgia he didn't talk to me in Knoxville it's strange right.
I think they don't talk to me because they know that I've already seen through them so there's no reason for me to keep it secret anymore.
He's been on my whiteboard for three years now.
But since the very beginning since the very beginning since the first bike ride I was like what's up with this dude.
And he's in Pittsburgh wow I can talk to him I can call him up on the phone.
That's why I think my story is so valuable.
Because they had nothing they had nothing for me.
And every time they tried to throw a new game of control a new game of bait and switch a new game of I'm fighting against someone else so you should fight with me.
I saw through it.
They offered me a day trading scheme I saw through it.
They offered me a chance to help write a lab leak book.
And I got the Cina Bavari Allison Totura paper into that book I got the idea of clones into that book and I got the idea that you don't need a virus for this to happen into that book.
It's not perfect, but I bet it's more than they expected me to get in that book.
So go buy it.
It's a cool book.
And I don't get any money from it.
CHD does so go buy it.
This is that would be used in order to do this for common at DNA work.
So this is called a reverse genetics where you can build a virus from scratch basically.
From a computer sequence that then gets sent off to laboratories that synthesize DNA.
And then get reassembled.
And in this diffuse proposal.
Dazic.
She's an Lee.
Investigators from UC Davis.
Proposed in the Wuhan Institute of Virology and Eco-Hofliance.
Proposed a kind of a modular or cassette based way to build this proposed virus.
And in the way they proposed to do it was they would build six different modules by making some discrete mutations.
What are called silent mutations that would change the sequence of the virus without changing the proteins that it would encode.
They would engineer in restriction sites or molecular scissor targets to allow you to clip this virus into six segments.
And then as DNA easily reassembled that and then use that to make RNA and from the RNA you can make the virus.
So it just so happens that the sequence of SARS-CoV-2.
Has the fear and cleavage site at precisely the place that a barrack and season Lee proposed that it would be.
And also happens to have these specific restriction sites which are not normally found in its related virus.
That would logically be able to be used to break up that into six different cassettes that could then be reassembled.
In other words, the diffuse proposal provides the roadmap.
The specific roadmap for how to build SARS-CoV-2.
At the molecular level using reverse genetics.
And it also has in these earlier drafts that were obtained.
Now wouldn't it be much more impressive if he went and actually spiked the football on the biology that matters and said.
Tommy, you have to understand that all RNA virology is done using DNA clones.
DNA, a reverse genetics is used to take this RNA sequence that they find in the wild and that they find a hint of in the wild
or that they create on a keyboard and create a synthetic DNA copy of it from which they can generate as much RNA as they want.
This allows them to have a uniform starting point in a much pure fraction of infectious material that can otherwise be generated by any natural means like culturing or harvesting from the wild.
So Tommy infectious clones are what they call these things in the bar and after the conference at the dinner.
But really it is reverse genetics being used to create a DNA copy that can create a construct which can be used to make an RNA in a pure form that you could never make using cultures from derived from these RNA signals in the wild.
And the cool thing about this Tommy is that we've applied this idea to every facet of RNA virology and virtually all that we know about RNA virology is based on our use of synthetic clones to study them.
Now that would be a very honest portrayal of what an RNA virus is, what an RNA virus is capable of and the fidelity and tractability of RNA virology on the bench.
But instead he portrays it as something that is more powerful than nature but similar to because natural viruses can pandemic and synthetic viruses can do the same thing.
And these are very different stories than RNA virology is very difficult.
It's studying indirect signals.
We're not even really sure what these things are and the best way that we can study them is making a DNA equivalent to generate a pure RNA form of them.
And when we do that we are able to recapitulate much of what we think we do when we use the natural version but with a little bit more fidelity and a little bit more reproducibility.
But it's still not pandemic potential in a dish, not pandemic potential in an animal and it's not pandemic potential in a clone.
And of course the last part of this story and the part that Robert Malone's never going to tell him is that bio reactors could be used to make a lot of that DNA and then bio reactors could be used to make a lot of that RNA.
And that process could be scaled up in theory quite some orders of magnitude and allow you to produce a quantity of relatively pure RNA that could never exist come to exist in any other way.
And that would allow you to distribute a sequence.
It would allow you to sustain the presence of a sequence.
It would allow you to distribute a sequence to as many laboratories or as many locations or as many lungs as you wanted to.
And the most diabolical part is that fractions of that DNA which are much more chemically stable could be used to seed PCR positivity to the exact same signal.
They might not be as dangerous, but they might be much more robust in terms of providing a PCR positive signal on hands or on swabs.
And that's the most important thing.
And so this magic trick, which is being glossed over, which is being made to be forgotten and is starting to the past is starting to become forgotten and the lie will become the truth.
That's what's happening here.
And through all this discussion, we haven't talked about the PCR fraud and what they were aiming at, which is a an end protein that was was expected to find all SARS coronaviruses and then a piece of that.
And the end protein that was supposed to be specific for this one.
And that's it.
We're led to believe that the PCR test was aimed at like three proteins and one of them was the spike.
There were over 250 different protocols and products available for PCR testing and lateral flow testing and all of them were different.
Most of them were proprietary and most of them are gone. So we don't know what they tested for. And we do know that the FDA only required for them to test for a, a non specific and protein target, a specific and protein target and a positive control.
That's it.
Wow, through Freedom of Information Act, where they're wearing their notes placed like editorial comments, such as you can put in with word by DASIC.
Among other things, speaking about the proposing to the government that this work would be done at VSL three in the US labs.
But then there's notes saying directly in this earlier draft that US right to know managed to obtain from EcoHealth Alliance.
Okay. So these are basically akin to legal discovery documents directly from the company, not from the government in which there are notes to the effect that well, we're going to propose to the government that we're going to do it.
Biosafety level three, which is biosafety level four is the moon suits, the highest level.
Arguably, this should have all been done at VSL four, but as you know, we can see in retrospect.
But noting that the real intention was to get Eco to get Wuhan Institute of Virology to do this work at VSL two, which is functionally bench level and save a bunch of money.
So we're going to tell the guppies that we're going to do the work here in North Carolina, wherever at this higher containment level is going to be more expensive.
But we're actually going to take the money and save ourselves a buck that we can spend on something else, you know, mahogany desks or whatever and get it done on the cheap at Wuhan Institute of Virology at a lower biosafety level.
So this is now pretty much as far as I'm concerned, it is the smoking gun.
You have a specific description of how to engineer the.
Holy cow, you did it. Nice.
Wow, babe. Congratulations. Are you happy?
Who's so? Okay, we'll start the next ones tonight. Awesome, babe.
Virus, the people that are proposing to do it are at the site where the virus entered the human population.
They had control of the largest collection of these types of viruses in the world.
And they proposed a series of modifications, which happened to precisely align with the modifications that are known to be present in the virus.
So, I think that we just take a pill saying which happened to precisely along with the modifications that are known to be present in the virus.
He needs some caffeine, man. This CIA guy is really is getting tiring. So you need some caffeine, probably.
So, I think that we can, I'm comfortable saying that we now can agree that the data are in and that this is not a natural origin virus.
There's other related information that that further underscore this point.
I think it had as so there. I want you to imagine the possibility that Robert Malone could actually get appointed to a democratic administration.
Because of his connections to Rick Bright and others because of his very diplomatic speaking out against Robert Catholic and other Republican operatives like, you know, Peter Navarro and, and, and being on the side.
I think there's a real possibility that just like he's trying to describe other people are jockeying for a position in a Trump administration. He's jockeying for a position in any administration.
That's why he's playing this incredibly, you know, walk in this fine line between, you know, I'm not sure if he's a Democrat or a Republican. It's hard to tell because he's just so patriotic.
Please.
There are no bats around Wuhan. Wuhan is the industrial center, one of the key industrial centers of China. You're a racist and spreading misinformation.
So there's no bats right around Wuhan.
And so the thesis was that this was a imported bat from a region in China that does have these types of bats.
And originally it was, it was proposed that these bats had been imported into the Wuhan seafood market to use in bats soup.
It was more propaganda. And if, if this had been a SARS-CoV-2-like virus with a highly developed ability to jump from its host into humans, then what you would have normally seen is a trail of this kind of transmission event,
along the transportation corridor between the source of these bats and Wuhan. So you would have seen little tiny outbreaks as these animals are transitioning.
This is absolutely a joke because again, now we're almost, I'm almost about to defend drastic because drastic actually identified a 2012 master's thesis or PhD thesis, which was based upon three patients,
which had gotten a severe pneumonia from being, sorry, my backages, from being in that bat cave that was later identified, maybe it was 2008.
I think it was 2008. I don't remember for sure.
But there were three minors. They got sick.
The WIV was called.
And so there were outbreaks.
There was at least one outbreak that actually was documented and people did research on it, but there were probably more.
But what his suggestion is there should have been outbreaks, you know, like a whole town died and another whole town died and a train full of people died.
That's not how this ever works.
People went into a cave with four feet of batshit on the ground and 10,000 bats hanging from the ceiling and they got a respiratory disease surprise surprise.
So this is the, the crazy place that we are right now we are in 2024 in February, really at the four 2020.
So then we go 21, 22, 23, 24, we are at the four year anniversary of the start of this four years going.
I've been stolen from me and my wife by this machine that Robert Malone is supposed to not be a part of, even though he's just here right now, where people in drastic were as far as the predict proposal goes in 2020.
When he was still running the domain program and trying to set up trials for formodity.
When he was helping Steve Kirsch get an EUA.
Or two or three.
I think we're all waking up very soon now I think it's all going to happen very soon I think the snap is going to happen I think we're rushing them so what's going to happen my prediction is that people like Tom Cowan and Andrew Kaufman are going to start to rise.
So we mark Bailey and and and Sam Bailey.
It's going to be Tom Cowan and Andrew Kaufman because those are the two guys that I think were, were playing the other people and and making sure that no virus always stayed no virus and they never made friends with anybody that didn't fully recapitulate everything that they
did and was it also a natural path and also believed in in all the magic things that water can do.
And so we're going to see it you're going to see it.
Andrew Kaufman is going to be start to become all over on Twitter and he's going to start to say all kinds of really smart things like exosomes and isolation and and and all this other stuff again but in a in a better more clear way.
A more rational way, a friendlier way.
But they still won't cross any lines because all of these people are going to stick to the story of a lab league, which I don't agree with.
And my clones idea will keep me on this team and will keep me from being able to talk to them because they don't want to talk about it either.
They do start talking about clones and you know we're in big trouble because for more than a year, they were very, very adamant that Kui's clone idea is dumb.
Please send us some papers to show us where this clone idea comes from.
It's very fun times right now I'm actually really enjoying it because you can see that all of these, these, these things that are actually very brittle I've bent way too far now.
This, this narrative has bent way too far. It's been so far that he doesn't even mention domain anymore.
That rather than saying that he made a model of the three CL protease, the model X-ray, X-ray crystallography model of the three CL protease and interface that with all known pharmaceuticals on the FDA roster.
Rather than saying something as absurd as that, he just says something as simple as I'm not responsible from Remdesivir.
Even though in his early interviews we can find him talking very clearly that Remdesivir was identified by the domain server and he was working on the domain server because among other things his very good friend David Hone works for DITRA.
And there's no evidence of any of that.
All the original sources including now there's been more sophisticated analysis of the sequences early on and the kind of distribution of index cases.
They all cluster around the Wuhan Institute of Irology, not around the Wuhan seafood market.
And there's no evidence of preceding transmission events in China mainland along the transportation lines.
So the natural origin theory just does not hold water.
In any way it doesn't have the data, there are no hallmarks in the data consistent with natural origin.
The data is now available.
And we have this smoking gun document that specifically lays out this is what we would do and this is how we were going to do it.
And famously this the original diffuse proposal as submitted to the predict program was still archived on a DARPA server.
And if you roll back in your memory seems like two years ago but I could have that wrong.
Project Veritas.
There it is.
One of their early COVID disclosures.
Remember this is James O'Keefe's old company that they ran him out of.
Project Veritas had disclosed the existence of this proposal diffuse.
Consequent to apparently an army major, as I recall, who was detailed to DARPA.
Somehow got a heads up that this proposal was sitting on the DARPA servers and captured the proposal.
It's a non classified server forwarded the story is that he forwarded it to his army supervisor contacts at the time when he was detailed in DARPA.
And they evaluated it thought that it was genuine and somehow in that chain of transmission, it got leaked to Veritas.
So we'd all seen this diffuse proposal about two years ago, but no one was able to verify chain of custody.
But now what we have in addition to that original source proposal is we have these draft proposals that show it in evolution.
Prior to submission that reveal these additional characteristics that I've just summarized for you. So that's, that's where that stands.
And so hence now what's happening because in part, the select committee on coronavirus and the house, which has been unwilling to ask any questions about the vaccine.
But by willing to dive into viral origins, I think, in part because of Tony Fauci's challenging Rand Paul and ridiculing him when Rand Paul accused him of funding gain of function research.
The inside that was too loud together with Marjorie Taylor Greene and some others who are willing to ask the hard questions, but I mean, imagine promoting Marjorie Taylor Greene.
Imagine what is that doing for America? What is that really doing? I don't care who you are or what kind of Republican you are.
Marjorie Taylor Greene is not an American that we want to represent to anybody. I just can't imagine that anybody believes that.
And so just this, just this dropping of that name is already just, it's just, it can be nothing other than, than, than, it's just mental prodding. It's terrible.
The committee has been willing to ask the hard questions about the viral origins. And so we now really have a pretty substantial cascade of details around the role of the CCP, the People's Liberation Army, and the US government together with the Canadian government participating in this
basket of, of, of viral engineering, which has all the hallmarks of having been the source for the SARS-CoV-2 virus.
Is there, is there a date of origin that I've missed on the, on the diffuse proposal for, for program?
It's 20. So, um, predict.
Yeah, so the predict was the program. Diffuse was submitted in 2017.
Okay. And the others were funded in 2018. Diffuse was rejected because of risk. So whoever that DARPA program officer was in the review committee gets a gold star in perpetuity for that one.
But resubmitted in a slightly different form to Tony Fauci and Nayed Tony Fauci's defense on that now has come down to, well, yes, I sign off on all awards, but I don't necessarily read them all.
And so I signed off on this one, but I wasn't really aware that it was going, it was proposing to do data function research.
So that's, that's Fauci's current limited hangout.
For what it's worth.
I'm just trying to, you know, I'm trying to strike my own middle ground with, with unraveling what's happened over the last four years, but also, you know, the game is continuing. It's not, it's not like humanity just stopped and now we're doing a post offer.
We're looking back at it. It's like, you got to study what happened, you know, to JFK to have an understanding of what they're willing to do in the future, if you want to take that as an example.
So looking at diffuse, the only reason I bring that up is what, what, what is the, what is regardless of funding or whatever it, but it's evidence that, that that's exactly what they're going to do.
They're going to propose how it was going to happen, how it was going to be modeled, where it was going to be cleaved, where it was going to be put back together and synthesized and transcribed and whatever.
The only reason I'm bringing that up is because of, of, I mean, it really is deja vu with like disease X. What is the, just like really zoomed out 60,000 foot view, not that you have the answer, but what is the purpose to.
To, I guess, project, not projecting, but.
Broadcasting what they're going to do.
Is it demoralization, is it so we look back at it and we go, oh, yeah, so disease X so you're asking why the propaganda around disease X.
And how that relates to something like diffuse so we look back four years later in 2024 and go, they're talking about it so what are we going to be looking back at in 2028 and why do they do is it demoralization.
I don't think so. I think a large part of it is hubris.
But as I often observe, it's almost impossible to differentiate between the various intent and that actors and incompetence.
In terms of disease X.
That propaganda campaign is clearly all about the international health regulation negotiations that are ongoing behind closed doors.
And the new WHO pandemic treaty in which WHO is basically doing the major power grab as well as a financial grab from the more developed countries.
And so disease X is being weaponized as a placeholder with some very odd specificity 20 times more lethal than COVID.
As part of a propaganda campaign to convince global governments that need convincing that they should get behind this power grab.
So that's that the diffuse project is a couple of the things I didn't mention that go back to my roots, strangely.
I'm shocked to learn that UC Davis was central in this.
And one of the emails obtained from Barrick is a direction to the investigators at UC Davis to delete their computer files relating to this group of viruses.
And the speculation is that in which they did.
Okay, so it wasn't just we all hear that the women in student virology scrubbed the data after the people's liberation army came in.
What we don't hear about is the same thing happened here state side at UC Davis.
And the thinking is on both of those cases why scrub this data.
And the working hypothesis is that the data had to be scrubbed this sequence data.
Because it would demonstrate conclusively that the sequence of SARS-CoV-2 was known before SARS-CoV.
What a great point Renee 11 M in the chat says, but wasn't COVID a power grab.
So Robert is just trying to tell us to focus on the who grabbing power and using the disease X propaganda to grab that power.
But Renee is definitely right.
They're already moved on. They're not worried about all the power we already gave up.
But not worried about all the the the surveillance that we've given up.
They're not worried about all the money and treasure that we've lost.
They're not worried about all the people that we've lost.
All the people that were murdered.
They're already moving on.
Well done Renee.
To technically existed.
Yeah.
Okay.
So that that that's that.
Now, so now I've established, you know, that I.
I'm sure George Web will now weaponize this in some way.
Think about how amazing it is that Don that that Robert Malone just mentioned George Web weaponizing something that he's about to say.
George Web is someone that was meddling already before the pandemic.
George Web is someone that is connected to Paul Cottrell and is promoted Paul Cottrell for consistently almost four years has one of the most important heroes in the pandemic.
Paul Cottrell, the guy who said that Remdesivir was working in Hong Kong or in Taiwan or in China and only Remdesivir.
Paul Cottrell, the guy who was supposedly a doctor, but actually has a doctorate in chaos theory as it is applied to markets.
George Web, who's connected to Addie adds George Web, who's connected to my friend Mark Coolack for a long time harassing him, misrepresenting his work sort of promoting him, but not really.
George Web associated with the Duke report.
George Web who who I mean, think about this.
George Web is supposed to be his bad guy.
George Web says he's suing Robert Malone.
George Web was on 60 minutes claiming that it was a Dutch lady who was an American citizen riding bike in the Wuhan games who had released the virus in Wuhan China in October.
And he got on 60 minutes saying that.
If the US government in the 60 minutes didn't want you to be worried about the worst case scenario I can guarantee you in February of 2020 they wouldn't have done a story about George Web and Machia, the, the Dutch bicyclist.
If the US government and 60 minutes didn't want you to know about the possibility of a released coronavirus, they wouldn't have done a story in 2020 about George Web.
And if Robert Malone didn't want George Web to get any attention because he was a Medler, he wouldn't promote George Web on his sub stack multiple times.
He wouldn't provide a link to the CBS episode of 60 minutes multiple times on his sub stack, and he wouldn't make a joke about George Web here.
But if Robert Malone wanted you to think that George Web was somebody relevant and that George Web was a relevant Medler and that what George Web needs paying attention to because he's a Medler, then he would say it.
And he would mention it on his sub stack where he gets a million followers.
That's what I see.
When I see a list of people that Robert Malone lists that includes George Web and Peter and Ginger Breggen and Mary Holland and, and Katherine Austin fits and Sasha La Topova and myself.
The first thing that crossed my mind is what do I have in common with all those people.
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
Katherine Austin fits is pretty wealthy.
Mary Holland is the head of a very large and successful nonprofit.
George Web is, I don't know who.
Sasha La Topova is going to die rich and the owner of a vineyard and horses and the proud mother of a super genius.
What do I have in common with any of these people?
Nothing.
Robert Malone didn't even know who I was when I first met him in person.
He yanked his hand away from me and his wife later told me that he had gout and he was in great pain.
It's a theater of the macabre ladies and gentlemen.
It's a theater of people who are absolutely and totally spectacularly committed to the lies of the state.
The presuppositions of the public health sphere and the vaccine schedule that traps our children.
My origin story with UC Davis includes my objecting to a key laboratory that was performing gain of function research back in the day.
They were trying to recreate the disease of human AIDS in a monkey model by making chimeric viruses between the simian AIDS virus and the human
deficiency virus and when that wasn't good enough, then making it even more pathogenic by inserting human cytokines gene sequence into that hybrid virus.
That's full on data function research being done in the mid 90s by what appears to have been a precursor group to this one that was in bed with eco-health alliance.
So what I can tell you from direct experience with these folks is yes, I got blowback for complaining that they didn't go through the proper channels to get approval for what was clearly a biohazardous set of experiments,
but they had a sense of entitlement that they should be able to do this kind of research.
There is among, and I think this is one of the key factors in all of this, the diffuse proposal and what appears to be the origin of SARS-CoV-2 is the consequence of a kind of an improbable alliance between CCP and PLA via Wuhan Institute of Virology.
The U.S. government, keep in mind that the amount of money that came from Vauci's NIAD was relatively modest compared to the amount of money that came from DITRA, Defense Threat Reduction Agency, threat mitigation branch and USAID.
So the bulk of the money that went there was from USAID and from DITRA is full on DoD. It's not hybrid DoD CIA. It's full metal jacket.
These are the guys that scooped up the loose nukes in the former Soviet Union. That's their origin story as a government entity or DoD entity.
How does that sound remarkable alliance between CCP and PLA and the Wuhan Institute of Virology that these DoD-based U.S. government entities?
Because this is a pretty consistent thing with what Sasha was saying, DoD. He's truly trying to put it on DoD. He's saying DITRA, but he's saying DITRA is full metal jacket DoD. I would be willing to entertain that option.
I thought DITRA was a very small amount of people. Is that or is that DARPA? DARPA is only a small number of people. I gotta get all these.
I gotta figure all this out. This is interesting now. This is new.
Loose consortium of high profile academics that feel entitled by virtue of their brilliance and capabilities to do this kind of work with relatively modest, if any supervision.
And I think to a large extent, there's so many people that want to explain this as an intentional biowarfare agent deployed on the world to support a depopulation agenda.
And I for one can't reject that hypothesis. I don't have the documentation to reject it, but I also don't have the documentation to really support it.
So it has to be sitting out there as a possible explanation. But if you apply Occam's razor, which I'm sure you're very familiar with, the least complicated explanation is the most likely one.
I think that what we have here can be readily explained as the consequences of number one, the CIA human asset assassinations that happened in China because there was a mole.
And the intelligence community lost its human intelligence capabilities relating to Chinese biowarfare programs, remembering that anything that's done at a place like WIV or frankly any Chinese academic organization, or by Chinese academics based in the United States is intimately integrated into CCP and PLA organization and information streams.
So I've had four different sources assert to me that in various ways with various versions of explanation, that this funding cooperative and technology transfer cooperative between largely DoD and WIV, we went into the virology through EcoHealth Alliance, was in part about US intelligence community seeking some channel
to gain information or intelligence about getting to biowarfare ongoing within CCP and the PLA.
So I get I'm getting annoyed by this repeated. I've heard a lot of people say this in the last few days, and I think there's actually a queued up.
A queued up bullshit campaign on Occam's razor. As I understand Occam's razor, correct me if I'm wrong, Occam's razor is designed to choose between two things.
That's why you cut. It cuts between two things. And you have two very good explanations for your situation. You have two very good explanations for your phenomenon.
And Occam's razor cuts between the two that you have a hard time deciding about based on which one has more variables.
Which one is the simpler explanation? Both of them need to be plausible. They need to fit all the variables. They need to have a plausible mechanism. They need to explain all the observations.
This guy is talking like we can look at all possible explanations and the simplest one works. If that was the case, then wouldn't we already be where we should be, which is that this is based on a bunch of lying?
Wouldn't we already be at the simplest explanation?
Which is it is a bunch of people agreeing to lie to us in order to govern us by those lies.
And currently we are witnessing a large global audition process for everybody that's willing to comply with those lies in order to get on board with the new governing structure of the world.
This guy's auditioning for the UN. He's auditioning for the who. He's auditioning for Seppi. He's auditioning for something very big.
And probably nothing to do with a nation state who wants to be part of a national government anymore if the who can tell them what to do in an emergency.
Who would want to be part of a national government anymore when weaponized piles of money are already running the show?
Don't you see ladies and gentlemen?
From the very start of this podcast they have been talking about Malone has been convincing our friend Tommy that everything that he talked about is relevant and important and right down the middle of the strike zone.
And they are balls way outside.
They're in the dirt.
But Tommy is a blind battery standing there with a blindfold on.
And Robert Malone's yelling swing.
And so he swings.
He tells him when to swing it's the wrong time to picture as it even thrown the ball yet.
Well disconnected from reality at this point somebody like Tommy would be after having all these people on his podcast consistently retelling this tale over and over again adjusting the fine details to make it more believable given the the exposed incongruenties of the last two months.
Over and over again resetting the story with a little bit more and a little bit less here and a little bit more there.
Who's he getting here he's getting college kids here.
He's getting young people here.
This is dire ladies and gentlemen it is dire because we are in 2024 and the guy that came out on the Brett Weinstein podcast in 2021 is actually selling our children down the river.
This is an effect a slaver.
And he is enslaving our children with this mythology about a gain of function virus that was covered up leaked in Wuhan and is spreading around the world still to this day four years later.
I can't believe that he mentioned George Webb of all the people to mention.
George Webb.
Who I consider to be one of the really MVPs of team all teamwork case scenario likely a coordinator of teamwork case scenario because of how many people he has known how many people he has personal contact with and how many people who are in personal contact with him are in personal contact with all those people.
It's shocking.
This appears to have been justified as a necessary evil.
The the implications.
And then it finishes with Grace Corley any sufficiently advanced stupidity is indistinguishable from malice.
So they again again a perfect citation.
Thank you lady decline.
It's really true.
Not only did they use outcomes razor incorrectly and suggest that the lab leak is the easiest explanation.
But then they also said it's really going to be impossible for us to ever tell the difference between incompetence and malice.
And so we might as well give up trying to get any justice from this.
And is that there's a degree of naivete about the nature of the CCP that is quite concerning.
Or the people that were backing this were.
Obfuscating the real reason for their engaging in this on which we may not know.
Or may not be normal.
But some is rotten in Denmark.
Spad decisions were made.
And and the work product that we call SARS-CoV-2.
That entered the human population either by intention or unintentionally.
I can't sort that out either.
Was was the product of directed intentional on human engineering of a virus.
So now he's just debating he's clarifying that it's not a question of whether it was a human engineered.
It's a question of whether they did it on purpose or not, whether it got out on accident or not.
Don't you see?
And whether it got out on accident or not.
It's now going around the world because that's what RNA does when you let it out.
That's what RNA does when it's got certain combination of bases.
It just goes and goes and goes and goes.
He's teaching this mythology to our children through this person.
He's teaching this mythology through the COVID summits.
And through every podcast that he does and every silly program that he does with the epoch times now that I haven't seen yet.
He's teaching an illusion about how easy it would be for any American to go out and get us homestead at the foot of a national park and start their own farm.
It's easy guys.
Just go buy some chickens.
It's only a question of whether you really want to do it.
They're acting this way. They're all acting this way because they want it to get to us.
They know that people like me who lost a house that they could have probably lived in until they were dead because of the pandemic have pain from that pain that will never go away.
Especially if I die never having owned a house or been able to give my kids a four wheeler or a or a woods to play in anymore.
I lost a lot to this pandemic. I had almost everything arranged the way I wanted it to be for the support sealable future after a very long time of struggling to get a career going.
And in a few months I went from having a dream little house on a dream little street with dream neighbors and a dream price tag on the house.
Not having the house anymore and the house selling for $125,000 more than I could have bought it for.
And so when I hear stories of people saying oh I lost a house during the pandemic.
I want to break people's knees when I hear somebody telling about how everybody should try and do a homestead thing you know.
I want to break people's knees you don't think I would move to a to a farm in rural Pennsylvania tomorrow if I could.
If I had any means of saving any money I had $40,000 in the bank at the start of the pandemic ready to buy that house.
And now we have nothing in the bank.
So yeah we gave up a little bit.
We threw a lot into this.
And at the end of this I'm not going to end it with a horse farm at the foot of a national park.
I'm not going to end it with a position in the next administration.
I'm not even going to end this month with a position at CHD because I lost it at the beginning of this year.
For what? For speaking out against this man I think.
Because his book sales are important too.
Because his story is important too.
At least to some people.
His story is important because he spoke in front of the who about Phil and Finnish methodologies in 2011.
Because he's known Rick Bright for a decade and a half or more.
Because he cut his teeth in all of the viral in the same group of virologists that are responsible for orchestrating the cartoon of AIDS.
And he did a postdoc with the guy who is partially responsible for orchestrating the cartoon of AIDS.
And I'm very comfortable with that position right now.
Another new wave of propaganda coming out right now that is pushing back against that and reasserting that this was natural origin.
But it's just it seems to be
relying on shop-worn explanations while ignoring this new flood of data and information.
But there is absolutely a propaganda backlash going on right now.
I think it's not that you asked but I think we're still holding the whether or not it was intentional again.
You can't know that.
It's still holding the evidence that it was China.
I don't think it was. I think it was probably us through China.
I think we're holding that as a whether or not we want to kick off World War three.
It seems in hindsight, I just finished a book about fire power from muskets through the A-bomb.
It never ceases to amaze me that when you go through 1933 Germany up through 1945 Imperial Japan.
You know how big of a stretch of time that is 12 years right.
And it's so easy to look at hindsight and be like September 1st 1939 the Blitzkrieg and then August 9th and we, you know, Nuke Nagasaki and the next day it's over.
That's 12 years man like it's been four years since since COVID came to the US.
Imagine three times that like that's a big chunk of time.
And you know the point you know case in point is what is he talking about is he suggesting that four years isn't enough four years isn't enough time.
Two years of people sitting on their hands and not doing the right thing like.
Steve Kirsch and Robert Malone and and and Brett Weinstein and all the other people that we are now supposed to look up to did.
The only people that I know that spoke out in 2020 were.
Peter McCullough and Knut Wieckowski and and and Wolfgang Wodach and Mike Eden.
I think Pierre Corey spoke out a little bit but spoke out and spoke is two different things.
He said that New York was crazy and it was a war.
Peter McCullough didn't say that.
Peter Callum McCullough said we had to treat people.
Mike Eden didn't say that.
Knut Wieckowski didn't say that.
Knut Wieckowski said we'd be crazy to close the schools.
Wolfgang Wodach said the whole thing was probably fake.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Are they actually suggesting that four years was pretty short that we got off pretty easy.
Look at World War II was 12 years long man they had it bad back then.
Are they announcing that it isn't over that there's going to be eight more years of this shit.
Before the end.
I don't know what they're saying ladies and gentlemen but I know that what you see here cannot be described as real.
Knowing what you know.
Knowing where we've been.
Knowing what the date is on your watch.
We should not be having this discussion at all.
This is the discussion we were having in 2021.
When we still thought that Merrick's disease was a reason to worry and that the if the transfection actually worked as designed.
We could have a severe problem of antibody and dependent enhancement or even worse the virus could manipulate itself in such a way to avoid that immunity and then all these people who were vaccinated could be vulnerable to severe disease.
That's the biology we were talking about in 2021 that they're talking about now more or less indirectly.
It's a lab leak we don't know what's going on there are possibilities here.
Maybe we won't get to the possibilities we just mentioned for another six months or nine months until the the election is about to happen.
But it's coming.
You have to see it's coming otherwise this guy wouldn't still be in front of us.
The hamster wheels still wouldn't be turning we wouldn't still hear the repeated squeak of the hamster wheel.
When Hitler invaded Poland they still referred to World War one is the Great War.
Don't call the World War one it was the Great War because it was the big one.
That was the first one and this was the second one.
I can't help but think that we're still maybe in.
If you use the release of COVID as Hitler coming to power then right now we're in 1937.
We're still two years before shit really hits the fan in Poland.
Did you watch the Tucker Carlson interview of Mike Bams.
Is that a warning did he just warn us that we're at the beginning of World War two.
Are you kidding me.
Is this an announcement or a warning coming from our friends.
My goodness.
Okay that is a must see it will blow your mind and given your fascination with military history.
What he lays out and there's also two interviews with you on you kelek for American bot leaders.
He bends lays out.
Very succinctly in a little over an hour.
The arc of history from the inception of the CIA and operation mockingbird through the present.
Of the growth in development and justification of the center system industrial complex.
And the role of the Aspen Institute in the Atlantic Council.
And he does it in amazing detail with.
Just a stream of historical event references.
Through that timeline that I'm positive you were going to find fascinating now what we did with Tucker's permission.
Is to take that interview have it transcribed.
And then loaded it up natively on sub stack so you can because Ben speaks very rapidly he you know he sounds like a New York.
And so a lot of people have trouble following it and then it's just chalk a block full of specific references to.
Individuals and programs and events that unless you're well steeped in this you're not going to be able to follow.
So you can find that on our sub stack.
And I invite I think Tommy you in particular but your audience probably in general.
Will very much benefit from watching that video and you you will not see the arc of post World War two human history and United States history in the same way.
We have actively manipulated basically.
The CIA and the intelligence community have made European Union into a vassal state.
Yeah.
And we've done it through a variety of different mechanisms.
German Marshall fund of course, but every bit of through the implementation of propaganda and censorship technologies.
And are continuing to do so in in US efforts to control Twitter and Elon Musk, for example, by using your opinion as a surrogate.
And when you get finished with that that's today's essay I'm in the middle of right now almost wrapping up when our time to podcast came up.
It I I have had this nagging sense in the back of my mind now for six to nine months that we weren't the good guys.
You know, I didn't I didn't jump wholeheartedly into this thesis that the USA was at the center of this collusion with the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
But I was kind of dragged into it by the preponderance of the data.
But then you take that in the disillusionment that I experienced over the last four years in directly being a target of a lot of these propaganda techniques and censorship techniques, etc.
In coming to terms with what that means that, you know, a little guy of no particular importance sitting in his farm writing essays and posting things with his wife would become a significant target for the censorship industrial complex and how that works.
And why it works that they would perceive me as a threat sufficient to deploy this kind of capability.
And, you know, such as illustrated when I went on Rogan and spoke about the transformation hypothesis and Google started manually editing search goals.
But that's that's Google's modus operandi. They do that. It's it's out that what I experienced was just one of many examples.
And this, this is the consequence of a multi year concerted campaign to integrate the US government and in particularly the intelligence community into tech to preserve democracy.
And what that means that phrase that we've heard again and again and again, we need to save democracy by censorship by preventing misinformation.
What that is is a justification rationalization for the need to shut down alternative speech that is not coming through approved channels.
Because it there was a cascade of events around Arab Spring in particular.
A number of other subsequent political turnovers in which it was clearly demonstrated that social media can be extremely disruptive.
And can can easily enable revolution and regime change. And in the case of Arab Spring, that was us doing it to them.
Yeah. But now what's been seen is that these various particularly they're labeled as far writer conservative groups, particularly, for instance, I want you to think about that admission right there I wasn't going to interrupt him but I want you to think about that admission right there.
He says that the Arab Spring was us using social media on them.
I want you to think about the toilet paper rush in January or February of 2020 as them using social media on us.
I want you to think about the 15 days to slow the spread as them using social media on us.
I want you to think of the argument of Rand Paul and Tony Fauci in front of the Senate as or house as a them using social media against us all.
I want you to think of of Elon Musk purchasing Twitter as them using social media against us all.
This is all one big show.
And they are all performers is only a question of how winning or unwitting they are that they are part of this enslavement mechanism that they are helping the slavers trap our children. It's only a question of how much they know or don't know.
And it's possible that somebody like Tommy is just not sophisticated enough to know he spends most of his days when he's not interviewing somebody playing video games.
How can he possibly know?
You want to know what I waste my time with sometimes I watch UFC.
Sometimes I actually watch UFC because it is kind of mindless.
I don't have much else.
I don't know what else to watch because YouTube doesn't give me much to watch and I have so many things that we need to see and check as ideas that are flooding the space.
But what I'm trying to clear my mind that's what I do I don't spend seven hours a day in a reclined position shooting people in a video game.
And so it's really easy to imagine that Tommy doesn't know he really thinks that Robert Malone's telling him stuff.
That's fine.
Maybe we can't save Tommy.
But I want you to do some research and think about who else has been on Tommy.
How many of these other pseudo dissidents have been on Tommy and how many times have they been on Tommy.
How many of these pseudo dissidents have been on Tommy how often have they been on Tommy Robert Malone I think has been four five times on Tommy.
Stephen Hatfield's been on a couple times on Tommy.
Jessica Rose has been on Tommy a number of times and the list is endless.
1,400 podcasts in.
In Germany is a band party.
They are not allowed to communicate on social media full stop.
And by the way, apparently they are currently polling as the majority party in Germany.
For the upcoming elections.
Christina Anderson will be speaking at our international crisis summit this week on Friday about that and about the farmer protests etc.
Europe is catching fire right now.
And all of this logic of saving democracy through censorship and prevention of free speech is a tacit acknowledgement that we have actively we the United States government particularly the intelligence committee have actively manipulated.
In order to support those political regimes which we found in our interest and to disrupt or depose those that we did not see as being in our interest since the end of World War two.
That's what we do.
We do it all the time.
We do it with amazing capabilities and power.
We screen and cloak and mask our activities by saying that this is the Russians that are doing the Chinese that are doing it when in fact we seem to be the main actors have the most advanced technology.
And literally I've heard this now multiple times I didn't heard it to be the case and then I've had it confirmed mobile times and now it's confirmed in the Ben's piece or pieces.
This is a group established to combat foreign interference in American elections particularly Russian interference and we now know that that Russian interference story was false.
That if anything they preferred Hillary over Trump because Hillary would be more predictable and it was a fabricated CIA planet story.
But that was used to justify the build out of this incredible censorship industrial complex largely within State Department.
You remember all the layoffs within State Department when Trump came to office and there was just howls of outrage on how we were losing all those capabilities basically what happened was the.
I'll hold that thought for the word I was going to use the individuals who were busy propagating this Russian disinformation story etc on Trump suddenly found themselves out of a job.
And so they basically went mercenary.
In all of these capabilities that have been assembled within State to combat through censorship and disinformation campaigns offshore Internet based activity suddenly entered the private sector with a bone.
Are you are you hearing this now just make sure that you hear enormous hear this in context.
And hear this part of the narrative so he's saying that there was a bunch of people in the State Department.
Who were involved in coordinating the Russian collusion idea or the Russian interference idea excuse me because this was about the election.
And when Trump took office he let all those State Department employees go and they went into the private sector and they had a bone to pick with Trump.
What an interesting statement to make from a guy who was supposedly just running a horse farm at this time.
The pandemic hadn't started yet.
And he was still a Democrat so Trump got elected he was actually just I think focused on his horse farms he hadn't gotten emus yet but.
It's strange to me that he knows so many details about the State Department.
That's a really strange detail to throw in here.
They turned that capability that had been developed or opposing offshore threats domestically.
And then this is gradually through the C.I.S.A. organization within Homeland Security and Ben's goes through the specific detailed decisions and deliberations that led to placing of C.I.S.A. within Homeland Security and why it couldn't be within State and it couldn't be within FBI and it couldn't be within CIA.
So the C.I.S.A. that is now the organizing hub for all of this censorship disinformation propaganda stuff that we've all been subjected to.
And the integration of all this together with Twitter.
So what I'm now to the point where my faith not in the Constitution, not in America and the American people, but in the American government.
And all the stories that I've been told since I was a knee high to a grasshopper and you know duck and cover drills in third grade underneath our desks.
That's all that's all propaganda.
It's we've been told just an enormous series of lies.
And what do we how do we move forward from that?
Now this is the beauty of it, right? And this is where it gets very diabolical because he purports to be revealing the truth.
And calling out the government as lying.
But he's calling out the lying within the limited spectrum of debate where in gain of function experiments happen, gain of function viruses are real and natural viruses or manipulated viruses.
If they are released with the right contents or the right capabilities, they can go around the world for five years.
And it would be very difficult to tell the difference between a malevolent release and incompetence.
Can you see how that limited spectrum of debate works where somebody like Tommy can think that, wow, I can't believe Robert Malone's book is titled the lies my government told me.
And here he is still taking it right to him hard in the paint. The government is a liar.
We got to fight back and take our country down to the studs because they lie to us.
It sounds like to me, Robert Malone is actually playing the soft version of James Giordano's actual plan, which is to fragment the polis and the government of a country by making them not trust one another.
And instead of using a toxin and the internet to make people believe that there was a terrorist attack.
He's actually trying to make the American public believe that it was the American government that did it to the DoD that did it to them so that that country actually folds in on itself.
James Giordano explained to us a hypothetical situation that a foreign actor could use a neurotoxin to confuse another country and its polis and its government and they wouldn't have any control.
What I believe is actually happening is that a group of medlers is trying to convince America that Americans are responsible for this in such a way that Americans will take apart the system.
The last republic on earth with a constitution that has free speech will be dismantled by their own citizens because of traders like Robert Malone.
They like them apples.
That's what I think is happening.
I think he's pretending to call out the government's lies but actually he's telling you mythologies and stories which preserve the essential myth by which we are supposed to be governed and that they assuredly want to govern our children.
What I see here, I don't think it needs any more explanation because he's brought it so into focus in this, in this discussion and I'm not going to let it go any farther because it has been a very long discussion already with my, with my
citizens.
I've got a lot of stuff in store for you coming up ladies and gentlemen so don't panic don't worry.
We are definitely on this again the way to see the medlers don't forget.
Darn it.
It's not the one I wanted.
Don't forget that the way to see the medlers is to see what they don't talk about right they don't talk about the biology that we are talking about.
They don't use the word transfection they don't say clones they call it reverse genetics and, and, and a cassette like methodology to assemble viruses.
They avoided he avoided saying infectious clones as often and as hard as he possibly could.
And you know if you haven't please go to PubMed and put in the term infectious clone and see how many freaking papers come up.
It's not a silly little term.
It is a very broadly used term over the last 20 years to describe the use of DNA to create infectious material that is based on RNA.
It is the way RNA virology is done and that's why Robert Malone didn't use the word.
Even as he explained to Tommy how they do it he didn't explain why they do it.
He didn't explain why they have to do it and he didn't explain how that's the only methodology that would allow a signal of that fidelity and that clarity to be found in so many different places around the world.
He didn't explain to Tommy that 15 million sequences of the same descendant train of viruses is here to for unprecedented by several orders of magnitude, like eight.
And he didn't use the word transfection to describe what he knows is transfection.
What every academic biologist knows or should have known is transfection.
What every academic MD should have known is transfection.
These are not investigational vaccines not even close.
They are transfections and the adenovirus was a transformation done.
Doesn't say it.
And they never even came close to talking about the childhood vaccine schedule never even came close to talking about strict liability.
He was talking about the who and their power grab.
And he was talking about a lying government.
So how are we going to investigate a lying government are we going to have the lying Congress investigators should we have the lying CDC investigate.
Maybe we should have a joint committee between the two houses of Congress to investigate.
Ladies and gentlemen, they are at a time point where they are desperate.
They are desperate to enslave our children before it's too late before we wake up and figure it out.
And I think we are waking and waking up and figuring it out, but the algorithm is holding us back.
The liars are holding us back.
And the manipulation of our very conscious behavior is holding us back.
So get on soapbox, get ready for peer to get ready to never come back to twitch again if we don't have to.
I probably will still stream on twitch and tell everybody everybody is off.
But I'd love to drop it this weekend and never come back except for to just say, Hey guys, by the way, in 15 minutes, I'm going to be on peer to see you there.
We got to make some bold moves, ladies and gentlemen, nobody's making any bold moves.
Robert Malone's not making any bold moves because he's still on like 2021 quarter three narrative distillation.
Still, we are in this new world order of bat cave viruses. We are still right here. This is the truth you need to hear.
That once long ago men turned over their thinking to machines in hopes that it would set them free, but that only permitted other men with machines to enslave them. That's where we are right now.
And the men with the machines are paying people.
To perpetuate the worst case scenario. The men with machines are paying people to commit to these lies and to perpetuate them.
The rich men with machines are trying to enslave our children. Ladies and gentlemen, make no mistake about it. You must stop all transfections and humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary.
You can make sure that you spread the word that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb and transfection healthy humans is criminally negligent.
Thank you very much for joining me. I will see you again tomorrow.
I know tomorrow's Saturday, so there's a possibility I'll be on tomorrow, Sunday I'll be on for sure.
And then all week next week we're going to hit it, hit it out of the park at 1.15 every day, 1.13 every day.
Ladies and gentlemen, you can support this stream at giggleonbiological.com or the one-time donation right here.
You also can scroll down. Besides this one-time donation, you can scroll down to the bottom and there is a schedule there.
There is a place to email. There's a place to leave a voicemail and nobody leaves voicemails at.
And there's a place to subscribe. You can give 10. You can give something every three months or something every year.
You can also help me out instead by going to sub-stack and subscribing.
I think people who went to sub-stack and actually started putting money and might be a little disappointed right now.
But I got one on my desktop from the Human Genome Project that I'm just about ready with the transcripts and the subtitles I just burnt in.
So I'll get back to sub-stack. Do not worry. We've been working a lot behind the scenes on actually some consulting for a trial in California that's close to moving forward.
That was a little extra bread money that we desperately needed in the house.
And so now with Ted's help, we're focusing on peertube.
And I've got high hopes that within the next week or two, you're going to see your first live stream on giggleonbiologicalpeertube, which will be stream.giggleon.bio.
I'm so excited about it. I can hardly stand it.
Ladies and gentlemen, this has been Giggleon Biological, a high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
My name is Jay. I'm in Pittsburgh. I'll see you tomorrow.